September 21st 2007

                    &08-<(*&00 &11RavenMUD Policies&00 &08*)>-&00

   Here at RavenMUD we have tried to create an enjoyable mud with as few 
rules as possible. Here are the few rules we do have however:

-&11About RavenMUD Policies&00
 All polices listed on this board are to be followed at all times.  
 Disobeying a policy in any way will result in punishment.  The penalty 
 will vary depending on the crime and your history of violations.

-&11Roboting&00
 Roboting is using scripts or triggers to make your character function 
 while you are away from the keyboard.  This includes casting spells on 
 others, practicing skills or spells, assisting in combat, etc.  Triggers 
 are fine, but you must be at the keyboard.  If you are away from the 
 keyboard, your character should be idle or rented out.

-&11Profanity&00
 There should be no profanity or racial slurs over any of the public 
 channels.  This includes ooc, roleplay, query, quest, guild, using 
 your title, and posting on boards.  You may speak freely using says, 
 emotes, group tells, and tells.

-&11Multilinking&00
 Multilinking is forbidden in this realm.  Even briefly multilinking to 
 pass equipment or to cast a quick spell is NOT allowed.  Under no 
 circumstances are you permitted to have more than one character logged 
 in at the same time.  No exceptions.

-&11Circumventing HUNTED or THIEF Flags&00
 These flags exist for a reason and it is illegal to attempt to bypass 
 them.  If you loot or steal from another player, be prepared to deal 
 with the effects of these flags.  Trying to hide in "peace rooms" or 
 transfering equipment in any way before the flag runs out is illegal.

-&11Bug Exploitation&00
 A bug is anything in the Mud that doesnt function the way it was 
 intended. It is against policy to attempt to exploit a bug to benefit 
 you or anyone else.  All bugs should be reported immediately using the 
 bug command (see help bug).

-&11Killing Sub 20ths&00
 It is illegal to pkill a player that is under 20th level.  This 
 includes both new characters and remorted characters.  If you wish to 
 be protected by this policy, you need to have your level visible on 
 the wholist.  Low level players that exploit this protection should be 
 reported to an IMMortal.

-&11Passing EXP&00
 Suiciding one character to a mob in order to pass exp to another 
 character is against policy.  

-&11Character Jumping&00
 Character jumping is logging off with one character and bringing on 
 another character to perform a certain task.  Due to the lack of 
 players, the staff will be flexible with this policy.    We will permit 
 logging on your mage to cast portal or logging on your thief to pick a 
 quick lock, but do not push the limits of this policy.  Extreme 
 violations will be punished.  An example of character jumping that is 
 NOT allowed is using your high level tank to wound exp mobs and then 
 logging on your low level to take the kills.  Another form of character 
 jumping that is NOT allowed is logging on your caster to scribe/brew/mix 
 potions or scrolls to be used on another character.  If you have a 
 question about specifics of this policy, ask an IMMortal.

-&11Disrespecting An IMMortal&00
 It is a violation of policy to disrespect an IMMortal for any reason.  
 This includes using public channels, posting on boards, etc.  Playing 
 in this realm is a privilege, not a right.  The IMMortal staff spends 
 countless hours to add new features and to make this world run smooth 
 and stable.  If you disrespect a member of the IMMortal staff, be 
 prepared to be punished swiftly and severely.

